Chapter 1


The rain pelts down from the sky heavy and hard. Clover holds her hood
against her head, the material soaks up the water and the cold breeze freezes
her to the bone. She shivers. The sun was setting and taking the warmth with it.
“It’s supposed to be summer! Why is it so cold?!” she whines.


She keeps moving forward against the icy breeze. She promised her friends she was going to meet them for dinner! And she was already closer to the restaurant than the dorms, there was no turning back.


Suddenly the ground shakes. Clover stops. Looking around, the people around
her on the street also stopped. They all look at each other … Clover sniffs smelling sea
salt. Odd since they were nowhere near the ocean.


Again the ground rumbles. And again, this time there’s an audible thud!
Clover holds her breath. She’s looking at the ground…. Waiting for it to happen
again. Would it be bigger? Louder, more violent?The street grows dark. So dark.


Clover looks up, seeing a large monster looming above the tall buildings. It's
almost like her and the beast share a moment of silence. Then a silhouette of a large tentacle raises up into the air. Almost in slow motion, it slaps the building throwing rubble everywhere. Its large single eye looking down at her, and a gaping beak.


Everyone screams and starts running, Clover is frozen in place. Her legs won't
move. She screams. Then BAM! She’s slapped in the face, thrown back, hitting the concrete sidewalk.


She frantically grabs at the thing wrapped around her head. Finally getting it off.
“What the hell is this?” She looks at the long cord in her hand. It starts glowing
blue. It glows brighter and she's enveloped in a warm light.


Suddenly she’s dry, and warm. The light disappears. She looks down at herself.
Covered in blue glitter and an outfit that looks like it’s made of rubber, but fits so perfect
and comfortable. “What the hell?!”


“GRRRRRRAAAA!!!” The monster screeches! And behind it a wave taller than every building.
“AHHH!” she screams, the water slams down on her, and the current takes her
down the street. Her head bangs against a curb, and the water passes over her. 


She stays lying there,disoriented. “Ughhh….” she blinks, the dizziness not going away.
She swears she sees a streak of neon purple above her. “GET UP!” a voice screams.
Clover forces herself to her elbows. Looking around, her eyes focus again, no ones around her.


The creature roars again! The stream of purple charges a tentacle, and impales it
on a lamp post! The monster screams!


Clover blinks. “GET UP AND HELP!”
Clover looks around again, there’s no one there. She looks down at herself
again, and back to the flying purple girl.


“What the hell is happening?!” Another tentacle comes down, landing on the other girl!
“Oh shit!!!” Clover runs for her! Touching the slimy thing and using her strength to pick it up… it’s way lighter than she thought it would be.




Chapter 2


“OW” The purple girl groans “Took you freaking long enough” she quickly flies out
from under the tentacle, rubbing her head. “That freakin’ hurt.”
Actually, taking a look now, she doesn’t recognize the girl currently using her
strength to fight against the tentacle attempting to crush her.


Purple girl rubs her head “Who are you?”
 “WHAT DO I DO WITH THIS?!” Clover yells.
 “Uh.” Quickly, the purple girl grabs the next lamp post, pulling it out of the cement and holding it like a spear. “I got this.”


She stabs it through the tentacle, right in front of Clover's face, and into the
concrete. The monster screeches, and Clover stares at the hunk of metal that nearly
missed her.


“You almost hit me!” The girl looks at her for a second, ignoring the question.
The purple girl cuts her off  “Who are you?” 
“Uh… Clover” The girl continues to look her up and down. 
“I’ve never seen you here before.” 
“I’ve never been in a battle before! What should I do?!”




“IRIS! You flew off way to fast!” A stream of red light flies at them. A girl with curly
blond hair in red spandex appears next to them “we weren’t even done with the
Briefing!”
“There was a monster in the city! There’s no time for a briefing!” Iris yells back. 
Clover takes a step back. 
The blonde looks at Clover. “Who are you?”
“Clover.” She responds.


The blonde girl looks her over, the same as the other had, and then looks at Iris.
 She shrugs, “She was here when I got here.”


The blonde girl nods. “Well, I’m Ember, nice to meet you Clover!” she smiles
brightly “I haven’t seen you around before!”
“This is… new.” She gestures to her whole outfit.
“A NEW MAGIC GIRL?!” she gasps, her smile somehow getting wider. “This is
great! We could really use the help.”


The purple girl mumbles something under her breath and flies at the monster
attacking the city.
 “Come on, let's deal with this thing, and we can chat afterward.” Ember winks,
and in a flash is up in the sky.


Clover watches from the ground “I can’t do that!”
“Get up there!”
“Who the hell keeps talking?!” Clover yells, there's still no one around her.


Suddenly a massive tentacle swipes through the buildings, slamming into Clover.
“AHHHH!!!!” She goes flying through the air with the carnage “SHIT!”
“FLY!” The voice screams at her!
It was either fly or die! Clover spreads out her arms and suddenly she’s up right.


Hovering above the ground like gravity wasn’t going to pull her down.
“OH MY GOD” she gasps for breath, and drops to her feet, her legs giving out
and leaving her sitting on the soaking wet road.


“Are you okay?”
Clover looks up at a glowing girl with pigtails and glowing roller skates.
“Of course, another magic girl.”
“Hi I’m Star!” She smiles brightly.


Ember uppercuts the monster in its weird face. Chipping its beak.
“Iris!” She yells “Stop flying off, we’re supposed to be doing this together!”


Iris, in a purple blur, grabs another tentacle and swiftly locks that one down the
same way as the first, impaling it on a lamppost. She wipes sweat off her brow. “I'M
DOING MY JOB!” she yells “Maybe you should move a little faster, instead of getting
stuck in meetings.”


“UGH!” Ember groans “Why can’t you just listen?!”
Iris goes off again, dancing with the next tentacle and attempting to grab the flailing limb.
Ember rolls her eyes, the sound of a helicopter draws her attention. 


Off in the distance is a helicopter circling from afar. Obviously hooked up with a camera. New
reporters. Ember looks around. Iris is still messing up the monster very efficiently, and the ground is flooding with water mixed with the monster's dark blue blood. It was starting to smell too.
“Crap.” She groans.


Suddenly, she's slammed into by a tentacle, and driven into the ground. Water
and blood goes up her nose and into her mouth. The weight is quickly removed and she
sits up, coughing and gasping for breath!
“AGH HAAACK!” She spits it out.
“Are you okay?!” Clover rushes to her side.


Ember looks up at the bright  red haired girl from before, and another girl, someone she
Recognizes. “Star, where did you come from?”
“My shift just started, thought I’d come by and help” She smiles, pumping her
fists raring to go! “I ran into…Clover here.” She gestures to the new person.


Ember wipes the blood from her nose and mouth. That monster hit her hard. She
kneels on the ground, Star putting a hand on her shoulder.
“I’m good, I'm good….” She takes a deep breath.


Another loud thud and a screech reveal that Iris was successful in impaling
another tentacle.
Ember sighs “We gotta finish this quick, there’s a news crew in that helicopter
over there, and this is getting too bloody. Make quick work of it. Get those tentacles
under control.”


Star quickly pulls a spear out of nowhere; it's made of lighting and looks deadly.
“New girl, what do you got?”
“Uhhhhh” Clover looks over at herself, the blue rubber and spandex had no
pockets! At her hip a glowing blue whip appears. “I have this?”


“That should work great! Try tying up the tentacles!” Ember tells her.


Clover looks at the monster, from the ground, as Star and Iris work effortlessly to
fight off the creature's flailing arms.
“Get in there!” Ember shouts.
“GO!” The voice yells.


Clover is flying once again, way faster than she means to, right into a tentacle. It
throws her off, and she flicks out the whip!
“AH! I GOT IT!” Clover exclaims with a smile. She had used the whip to tie up the tentacle! Though all it was
attached to was the handle in her hand.
The tentacle raises and swings side to side.
“AHHHH!!!” Clover screams still launching onto the handle. A flash of blue electricity, loud cracking sounds and a pop. And all the town goes dark. No one moves, the sound of the helicopter and sirens are all they can hear out in the dark.


“Am I alive?” Clover calls out.
“Yup!” A sarcastic voice responds “Overkill much?”
“Ember said to do it!” Clover replies.
“I didn’t know you were going to do that!” Ember responds. “I just meant hold down
the tentacles, not start a city wide blackout!”
“Well. I didn’t know I was going to do that either!”


  

Chapter 3
        The helicopters blare down on the girls, they swing erratically between them and over the load of destruction and dead monster carcass. Cars start pulling up and people rush out, grabbing cameras and mics from the back of their vans. Officers arrive and set up barricades, trying to keep them away from the massive squid-like body.
        “Reporters! Please smile this time, Iris!” Ember smiles brightly at the purple girl.
        Iris looks at the taller girl and raises her brows, frowning. Ember drops the smile.
        “I’ll deal with any of the bigger questions, don’t say anything Iris, last time you made it such a problem.” Ember pleads.
        Iris shrugs “I was just being truthful.”
        “Telling people that we don’t know why a massive bird decided to swoop down and eat a random kid caused them all to panic.” Ember says sharply. 
        “Well we didn’t know how.” she crosses her arms.
        “UGH!” Ember's face grows red with anger “We don’t need to cause massive panic! And if you’re going to do something like that again today, then leave.” 
In a swish of purple, Iris was gone. 
        “Freaking Iris.” Ember clenches her teeth and fists.
        “You know she does that to get out of the interviews, right?” Star points out.
        Ember takes a deep breath, and breathes out “I know…” she rubs her eyes.
        “What's happening?” Clover asks.
        “Oh um… you’re new that’s right. Just remember your PR training, and let me answer most of the questions.” Ember waves her off,  “actually, you can just head out if you want, report back to OC.”
        “....OC?”
        “Work, you know, OC, we just abbreviate the name”
        Clover continues to look at her. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
        “What do you mean you don’t know what I’m talking about?” Ember asks.
        “I don't work anywhere, I don’t know what OC is.” 
        Both Star and Ember are stock still looking at her, they look at eachother, and back and Clover.
        Ember looks at the whip at Clover's hip “Where did you get that whip?”
        “HEY! Ember! Can we get an interview?!” A team of people are running up, lights and cameras in their faces. Suddenly they’re surrounded by news reporters and journalists.
        “Why was the Kraken attacking?”
        “We’re not sure.” Ember responds easily.
        “Where did it come from? We’re miles from the nearest body of water!”
        “The sewers are most likely.” She replies.
        “How could it? It’s huge?”
        “It was a squid type kraken, they don’t have bones and can snake through fairly small spaces,” she explains. 
        “Do you think there’s a chance more will be coming?”
        “Kraken type Kaiju are solitary creatures, there's no chance of another coming by.” She says confidently.
        Suddenly there's a mic in Clover's face.
        “Channel 101 the Monster and Magical girl highlights, who are you?”
        “...Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh” There's so many people looking at her. 
        She stares at the person's face, no answer coming to her mind. Mouth gaping.
        “I…I’m…” 
        Suddenly there’s an arm around her shoulder “She’s new!” Ember fills in “Still getting the hang of things, you should be nicer about shoving those mics in people’s faces!” She uses a finger and a bright smile to push it away. “Why don’t you introduce yourself?”
        Clover just stares with wide eyes.
        “We should get out of here.” 
        The familiar voice causes her to look over. Instead of no one being there… There's now A something. A see-through floating girl sort of something… smiling at her.
        “What?” The faded girl raises a brow.
        “Hello?” The reporter waves the mic in her face. “ New girl?”
        Ember nudges her just a little bit “Hey are you okay? You didn’t hit your head did you?”
        “Ummm…” 
        “Did you?” The ghost asks. 
        In a flash of light Clover flies out of there. The power sending the reporters back and Ember stumbling just a bit. Even more confused than earlier. 
~~~𓆩♡𓆪~~~ 
        Hours later, Ember is still standing next to the smelly corpse of the kaiju, talking to never-tiring news reporters. Star had flown off at some point, with an awkward goodbye. 
        “I know you all have a lot more questions, but I have to head out.” Ember takes a step back, and all of them reach out their mics.
        “But we have more questions!”
        “Why, is there another attack?!”
        “What about the monster body?!”
        “I’ve answered all of the necessary questions, there’s no other attack, and you’ll have to ask those very nice people over there cleaning up the body what they’re doing.” She smiles, giving them a peace sign “Love and light, have a good night!”
        She shoots off the ground, a red stream of light and glitter behind her. 
        Ember lands in a dark alleyway behind a tall building. In a flash of bright light she’s back in her jeans and puffy jacket. She stretches her arms above her head and takes a deep breath. She then grabs her box of cigarettes and lighter from her back pocket. 
        She leans against the brick wall and closes her eyes, taking a long drag of the cigarette. 
        With the power out, and it being the middle of the night, everything is quiet. Back in the far distance she can make out the sounds of the helicopters and sirens. Her phone buzzes in her other pocket.
        She groans, takes another breath of smoke, and answers it.
        “Hello.”
        “Ember! Where are you?” The woman on the other end asks.
        “Just finishing up with the reporters.” She says.
        “I need to know what happened before you leave for the night, come back here quickly.” They hang up before Ember can say another word. 
        She puts the cigarette out on the damp brick wall, and walks out of the alley, popping the rest of it into the garbage. The sidewalk is dark as she walks to the fully lit building. It’s like a beacon in the night. 
        She walks up to the gate of the large factory and parking lot.
“Hello.” She waves to the gate attendant, who barely looks up from his phone.
“Hey.” He mutters.
She walks across the parking lot, and dreads walking in through the door. The AC hits her in the face! Making her nose and ears hurt! The lobby lights reflect off the white floor tiles, and she squints to see.
“Hi Amber!” The girl at the front desk waves rapidly.
Amber smiles, “Hi Tambra.”
“How’ve you been? I haven’t seen you in awhile.” 
“I’m good, I’ve just been busy with work” Amber slouches over Tam’s desk “how's college going?”
“UGH!” She groans, spinning in her chair.  “So much work, why do I have to take so many math classes?”
“Aren’t you going for pharmaceuticals? Shouldn’t you be taking math?”
“But why so muuuuch?” She complains then looks at Amber, her blonde hair a tangled damp mess, and bags under her eyes “You really look like you could use a day off.”
“I wish.” She sighs.
“Why are you here so late?” She asks, "did Ms. fire you if you call out, call you in?"
“You know her, always needing something.” Amber says.
“Right. I’m sure she needs someone to copy papers, and deliver files, in the middle of the night.”
Amber's phone buzzes in her pocket, and she sighs. “I have to get going.”
“Hey, we should get drinks sometime soon.”
“YES! I would love that!” Amber smiles “We will the next time we both get a day off together.”
“Can’t wait! Good luck up there!”
“Thanks.” 
Amber takes the elevator up to the top floor. The offices. 
This floor is just as cold as all the others, but this one has stuffy carpets, all the offices have windows, but all the blinds are shut. At the end of the hall is a door with a bronze name plate, with a gold name scrawled into it. Juliet “Flame” Pierce.
She takes a deep breath and knocks.
“Come in, Ember!” 
        Juliet sits at her desk, she looks up from her computer screen. “Why is there a city wide blackout, Ember?”
        “It was an accident,” Ember states.
        “Who did it?”
        “There was a new girl,” Ember says. 
        “A new girl?” Juliet stands up “What do you mean a new girl?”
        “A new magical girl showed up.”
        Juliet taps her fingers on her desk and glances out the large window “New magical girl?”
        She says it mostly to herself, so Ember decides not to answer. 
        “Tell me about this girl.” She puts her hands on her hips.
        “She seemed really nervous, she said it was her first time in a battle, but she did great! She even took out the monster.” Ember explains.
        “And that led to-” Juliet motions to the window , giving Ember a stern look “...this.”
        “Well… yeah, but the monster’s dead.”
        Juliet sighs, pinching her temples.
        “Um…” Ember shifts on her feet.
        Juliet sits down again, quickly typing on her computer. “What kind of magic does she have? What did her outfit look like? What name did she go by? And what else can you tell me about her?” She looks at Ember expectantly.
        “Oh. She had fast flying abilities, faster than some of us, and then she had a whip, and the whip conducts electricity it seems, it was very strong, but I assume all the water in the area made her a bit too strong, and she accidentally caused the power outage, she had bright orange hair, and a blue green ruffly outfit, with a bow on her chest, and she said her name was Clover, she seemed extremely nervous.”
        Juliet types this all down. “I’ll have to see if we’re missing anything from the warehouse.” She sighs and leans back in her chair. “I can’t deal with a theft right now.”
Ember doesn’t comment on this.
“We CAN’T have another magical girl flying around.”
“She’ll be helpful, she just needs a little guidance.”
“She’s unpredictable, and has strong magic.”
“We can help her.”
“Ember, I need you to do something for me.” Juliet looks at her.
Ember nods.
“I need you to find out more about this girl, keep close tabs on her, and make sure she doesn’t get into any trouble, okay?”
“Of course.”
“Good.” 
  



Chapter 3 Extras! 
The magical girl project has been in the works for a little while, Ember was one of the earliest characters that I came up with, and I have a lot planned for her in the future!   
One of the earliest drawings of Ember! It took awhile to figure her out, but I always knew red would be her color, and I wanted her to have fur in her look!
  
  



Thank you for reading! I’ll see you next time! 
~Shinxune






Chapter 4 
         Before Clover could take a breath she was cometting down into the school courtyard. She lands feet first, breaking the hard dirt under her feet. She slumps over and takes a deep breath, putting a hand over her fast beating heart.
        “Okay Clover” She stands up “calm down” she looks down at her white gloves with sparkly ribbons “This is so friggin WEIRD!” Deep breath “but it’s okay.” 
“Good landing!” That voice cheers, Clover jumps! the ghost stands outside the newly made crater, clapping her hands rapidly. She brushes her long bluish hair over her shoulder “Hai there” she waves. 
“AH!” Clover stumbles back, tripping over a loose rock, and pulls out the whip she used earlier, frantically swinging it. The whip hits a tree, slicing it in half.
“Woah!” The ghost looks impressed “That was a strong hit! And you just started today? AMAZING!”
“W-who are you?!” Clover demands, aiming the limp whip in her direction. “What are you?”
“I’m-” The ghost stops, tapping her chin “...not sure?... I do know I'm not really alive anymore… but it doesn’t really seem like I’m dead either…” she laughs and looks down at her body, pulling on her clothes “..I guess I’m a ghost?” she shrugs.
“Okay, Ghost.” Clover still holds her whip in front of her with both hands and in a shaky voice, “Leave me alone.”
The ghost stares at her, she has an aura of glowing blue around her, the same shade as her transparent skin.
“That doesn’t really feel like it's going to happen.” The ghost says. “It looks like you have yourself a new friend!” She exclaims! 
Suddenly, in a flash of blue light, Clover stands in her drenched clothes and hair, no whip in hand. The two look at each other.
“You smell really bad,” the ghost says, “HEY! I can smell!” She points at her small nose.
Clover sprints! Running for the dorms, her school bag at her hip heavy with water and papers. She doesn’t stop. Rushing up the stairs! And to her dorm! Fumbling her key as fast as possible! 
        Once inside she flicks the light switch and is reminded that all the lights are out!
 Because of her! 
She looks down at the whip in her hands, “Frick!” she yells!  and frantically flings it across the room not caring where it went.
She uses her phone light, grabs the lamp off her side table, and corners herself on her bed. Getting a view of the whole room. And only when the sun begins to rise, and the dark sky lightens just a bit, and the birds begin chirping, does she dare close her eyes.
        The sound of loud knocking makes her jump! 
        “CLOVER!” Someone yells “OPEN THE DOOR!” 
        Clover quickly gets up, her vision blurs, and she has to use the bed to help her stand up. The knocking continues, she quickly shakes it off and goes to answer her door. Her eyes catch the whip hanging off the second desk in the room. She presses her lips together and looks at the door.
        “CLOVER!” her friend yells again.
        Quickly Clover grabs the whip and shoves it into one of her dresser drawers, under all the clothes out of sight. Then she goes to answer the door for her frantic friend.
        The moment she opens it, Chris leaps forward in a mess of frizzy blond hair, giving Clover a arm pinning hug “Are you okay?!” Chris yells. “We were worried about you! You’re okay, right? Last night was so scary!”
        “I’m fine.” Clover reassures her, attempting to pull her arms out of her grip and take a step away, Chris hangs on tight. 
        “Are you sure? You never made it to the restaurant last night!” Chris states. “We didn’t know if you were okay!”
        “I’m good, I…” she thinks for a second “...I was just barely leaving when things started, and I made it back here as quickly as possible.”
        Chris pats down Clover's arms, feeling for any wounds, Clover shifts uncomfortably trying to shake her friend off without being rude, Chris sniffs her and her nose scrunches up. “You smell like fish.” she looks at the red head's clothes. “And why are you covered in glitter?”
        Clover looks down at herself, glitter is dried into her clothes, she looks at where she was sitting on her bed, more glitter.
“Uhhhh, I got stuck in the rain, and then one of the magical girls flew right over me.” She laughs nervously.
“Which one?!” Chris asks impatiently.
“The … blue one?” she says.
“THE NEW ONE?!” She yells “EVERYONE’S TALKING ABOUT HER!” She says “When I got service again this morning, I saw her everywhere!”
“Everywhere?”
“EVERY. WHERE. news stations are going crazy for her wondering who she is, and people are asking so many questions. Tell. Me. EVERYTHING.” Chris looks her in the eyes.
“Uhhhhhh….” Clover grabs her phone out of her pocket, it doesn’t turn on “She just flew right over me… and away” Clover looks Chris in the eyes, waiting for her to say anything.  
“So why do you still smell like fish?” Chris asks.
“I uhhh… was too freaked out to go shower when I got back and the power was out” She wipes her sweaty palms on her pants. 
        “UGH That power outage sucked! We were stuck at the restaurant with a bunch of people, Taylor was freaking out the whole time, she was crying and wanting to go home the whole time, but I sat there and held her hand the whole time.” She says triumphantly with her hands on her hips. 
        Clover pressed her lips together to keep herself from chuckling at that, she had a hard time believing it was Taylor who was the one crying, and that she wasn’t the one doing the hand holding “yeah I bet that’s how it went.”
        “Taylor can get so scared sometimes” she laughs, suddenly she turns serious “I’ve been trying to keep up on all the news” Chris walks farther into the room, smelling the air, and looking at the mess, “there’s no confirmation on how the Kraken made it into the middle of town, it’s miles from the ocean!”
        “They don't know?” Clover attempts to play it off like she doesn’t already know. 
        “Yea it appeared out of nowhere and just started attacking the town! Which is so weird, Krakens don’t like coming to the surface of the ocean, but this one snuck onto land and started attacking, that’s weird.”
        “Oh really?” Clover laughs nervously “I didn’t know that” she looks at the glitter stuck to her bed sheets.
        “Yeah! Krakens don’t do that. They don’t just rampage” Chris scrolls through her phone and flashes Clover, a wiki about Krakens before scrolling to the next thing about magical girl sightings.
        Clover spots a flash of blue before Chris shoves her phone in her pocket.
        “And we got it to stop!” 
        Clover jumps.
Behind Chris, the blue glowing ghost pops out of the closet door. Clover stares at her wide eyed.
        Chris notices her reaction and quickly looks behind her “What?!” Then back at Clover.
        “Y-...” Clover just stares between the two “...you don't see it?”
        Chris does a double take. “No, what?”
        The ghost smirks.
        “Sorry girlie pop, they don’t see me.” She chuckles. She floats out of the mirror and stands next to Clover. “It’s just you.”
        “Clover!” 
        Clover looks at Chris. 
        “Are you okay?” Chris asks, looking concerned. 
        “Um… I just thought… there was a spider.”
        Ghost chuckles. “Heh, good cover, you don’t want your friends to know you’re seeing a ghost, good idea, they might think you’re crazy.”
        There’s another knock on the door. Startling Clover.
        “That’s Taylor, she went to get some work from a teacher.” Chris says with an eye roll, and answers the door for her. 
        “Oh, okay.” Clover rubs her head, daring to take one more look at the ghost in the room. 
        The ghost winks.
        Chris swings the door open “Taylor finally!” 
        “It didn’t take that long.” The taller sister sighs. “So, are we going?”
        The ghost floats over getting between the sisters as if she’s part of the conversation.
        “Oh I didn’t even ask yet.” Chris admits.
        “You didn’t even ask yet?” The tall one looks at her sister annoyed.
        Chris laughs “Right, Clover, do you want to sleep over at our place tonight?” 
        “Oh ummm…”
        “Since there's no classes for the rest of the day, and we figured it might be a little freaky staying on your own after what happened, we thought it’d be nice to invite you over.” Taylor continues.
        She glances at the ghost between them. 
        “I-I would love to!” She says cheerfully. 
        “YAY!!!” Chris cheers. 
        “Great!” Taylor claps her hands together, “We were just stopping by here, but we can wait for you if you need.”
“We gotta wait,” Chris chuckles, “she's gotta shower.”
Clover's face goes red, and suddenly she’s overcome with the stench of sewer water and seasalt.
“Right… that won't take too long.” She says quickly grabbing her bathroom things and plugging her phone in.
“I’ll get ready quickly.”
“Don’t rush.” Chris flops down on her bed, avoiding the most glittery parts.
“You were supposed to stop here early so you could give her a heads up.” Taylor pokes Chris's nose. “And careful, don’t track that glitter home, it’ll get everywhere.”
Chris just laughs.
Clover quickly does what she has to do in the bathroom, brushing her hair and teeth in front of the mirror. 
“Your friends seem really nice.” The ghost shoots out of the tiled floor, and sits on the next sink.
Clover goes still with the tooth brush in her mouth, and stares intently at the faucet.
“You can’t ignore me forever, Clover.” She stretches her arms out, and rests them behind her head.
Clover watches herself in the mirror intently, and keeps brushing her teeth.
While packing her backpack, Clover keeps glancing at the drawer where she shoved the whip. Hidden under her clothes. 
“I’m good to go.” She slings her bag over her shoulders. 
“Great! We’re going to stop at the convenience store on the way home and get a bunch of snacks!” Chris cheers!
Suddenly Clover can feel her very light wallet in her pocket. 
“S-sounds good.” 
Clover follows behind the sisters.
“You left it.” 
Clover doesn’t turn to the voice.
“It’s not good to leave important things behind.” The ghost adds. Clover resists looking at her, making a point to look anywhere else.
Outside smells like seasalt, and feels like warm sunshine. The humidity is like a thick cloud in the air. Clover stretches and yawns. She looks up at the sky, a flock of large birds fly by, a feather the size of her arm slowly falls and gets picked up by the breeze, into the road, where it gets run over by a car. 
“It’s so nice out,” she smiles.
        “I’m hoping it doesn’t rain anymore, it's going to flood after that Kraken” Taylor comments mostly to herself.
“You look ready to sleep already,” Chris chuckles. “you’re not allowed to do that until after we play Mario Kart.”
Chris pulls Clover by the arm, so she’s walking next to them.
Clover laughs, “I’ve never played before.”
“Perfect” Chris’s smile gets bigger, and she rubs her hands together. “Fresh meat.”
“She will kick our butts, we will lose.” Taylor notifies her.
“Can’t wait!” Clover says.
They stop at Zapgas, the gas station all the students use to get their snacks. It’s packed, everyone decided today to come get more snacks, and Clover could hear everyone. 
“I missed the end of the broadcast! My phone died before I could see what happened” says someone in the chip aisle.
“That new magical girl just flew off without saying anything!” Someone responds to them.
“She looked kind of familiar, don’t you think?” Someone asks.
“I don’t know, I can't tell any of them apart.” Someone else comments.
“It’s been a while since we’ve seen someone new showup.” 
“I’m kind of excited! I'm trying to find them on Sparkleapp, but none of the other girls are following her.” Someone says.
Clover quickly takes out her phone, just barely at 10%, to check Sparkleapp.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you…” Says the ghost. 
Clover doesn’t listen, she goes right to Ember's page, and sure enough on her latest picture of her, a selfie with an ant -like view of the city under her. #protectingOceanside. All the comments are asking about the new girl! Who, what, where, why, how?!
She keeps scrolling.
“Stop reading those,” The ghost says again.
“Clover!” 
She jumps, Chris has an armful of different chip bags.
“Which one of these are your favorites?” She holds them all up higher.
Taylor’s grabbing one at a time, attempting to put them back.
“I’m good with any.” Clover says.
“...” Chris narrows her eyes. “...which one is your favorite, though?”
“Any-”
“FAVORITE!” She yells.
“Doritos!” Clover replies, “Doritos are good.”
Chris gets a bag of both flavors. 
“Are Doritos your favorite?” The ghost asks.
Clover doesn’t reply, but takes one last glance at the barbeque flavored chips. They move onto drinks, getting a few different things.  
The girls wait outside to catch the bus. While watching someone push a massive raccoon off their car, who has gnawed through their car tire. The ghost stands next to Clover, the icy presence of hers giving the girl goosebumps. She shivers. 
“Are you cold?” Taylor asks. 
“No, I'm okay.” Clover responds. 


  

Chapter 5 
The bus drops the three girls off at a bus stop in front of a shopping plaza, and they walk through a nice neighborhood of green lawns and large yards. Clover looks over all the houses noticing every detail, perfectly mowed lawns and fences with potted plants around them. 


A massive bird lands  


        Clover waits for the other 2 to step over the threshold of the welcome mat. Taylor and Chris both walk in with their shoes on. The side door opens into a really nice looking kitchen. Clover hangs by the door for a second longer, waiting for one of them to say something.
“This is a nice place” The ghost floats by effortlessly, looking over the nice painted walls with framed pictures and… fake potted plants.
        “Should I take my shoes off?” Clover asks.
        “You can if you want to” Chris says walking to the counter.
        Taylors already walking up the stairs that are on the right of the room that split the very clean kitchen from a very clean living room. Clover decides to keep her shoes on like the other two had, and places her plastic bag on the dark marble island as well.
        The ghost floats into the house, over to an array of family photos right before the stairs. Looking closely at them. The girls and their parents are happily on vacation at a beach, a gap-toothed Taylor is holding a large fish in one, and Chris celebrating her 5th birthday in another with frosting all over her face. 
        “Just make yourself at home” Chris calls out, and walks down a hall off of the kitchen, and Clover hears a door shut. 
Clover stands still looking intently at the counter trying to pretend there’s no one else in the room. She focuses on the bowl of fruit next to their bags of convenience store snacks.
The ghost flies across the kitchen popping her head into their cabinets “Holy crap! they have a really nice place!” the ghost turns and looks at her, Clover keeps her eyes straight forward, the ghost floats up by her “this is your first time here too isn’t it, you look so awkward.”
Clover tenses up.
Taylor comes back down already switched into a pair of sweats and T-shirt, her cropped black hair pulled back in a ponytail and headband.
“Did Chris just leave you here?” She looks down the hall where Chris had gone and sighs “well the bathroom is down that way” she motions down the hall chris disappeared down “and if you want water the glasses are here next to the sink, and use the fridge not the faucet.”
Taylor grabs a glass for herself.
Clover relaxes, and nods. 
Taylor leans against the counter “So you and Chris are in calculus together?”
“Yes we are,” Clover responds.
Taylor nods “does she actually do the work?”
        “Huh?”
        “She can’t stand numbers and hates math, she wouldn’t be taking it if she didn’t need to. Does she actually pay attention?”
        Clover tries to think back to their classes “I think so?”
        The back door they’d walked in opens, Clover turns and accidentally locks eyes with a woman, she has a greasy paper bag in her hand munching on fries in her other. She freezes, looking between the two girls in her kitchen. 
        “MOM!” Taylor yells.
        The woman just stares at her mid bite of a fry.
        “I thought you were on a diet.” The daughter crosses her arms.
        “I just really wanted some great food!” she groans. 
“Did you get us any?” Taylor asks hopefully.
The woman chews her fries “I’ll be back” and she closes the door.
“If I knew she was going to break her diet tonight, we wouldn’t have needed to stop and get snacks,” the other girl laughs.
The door opens again “what would your friend like?” their mom asks.
“Oh! Ummm…” Clover thinks quickly.
Both of them looked at her.
“BURGERS!” the ghost cheers.
“BURGERS!” Clover says a little too loudly. She clears her throat “um… a burgers good… thank you”
Their mom nods and heads back out.
“I can pay you guys back,” Clover insists.
“No, it’s fine,” Taylor waves her off “don’t worry about that.”
“But-”
“Why does it smell like mcdonalds in here?” Chris walks back also wearing sweats and a matching hoodie.
“Mom came home with Mcdonalds.” 
“WHAT?! Did she bring us any?” Chris asks excitedly. 
“She said she’ll be back,” Taylor tells her.
“YES!” Chris cheers!
“Even after a kraken attack you can trust Mcdonalds to be open the next day” Taylor jokes as they all walk upstairs.
The three of them… and the ghost, all head upstairs Chris is more than happy to get out her switch and teach Clover how to play Mario Kart. They all sit down on Chris’ extremely plush daybed overstuffed with pink and white pillows.
Clover does her best to control her princess peach, the large twelfth place on her side of the screen and Chris with her golden number one. 
        “You have to boost when you turn,” Chris says.
        “I… have no idea what that means!!!” Clover shakes the controller in her hand.
        Taylor sits up putting her phone down. She puts her hands around Clovers and shows her how to boost  “use these buttons when you turn and you’ll go faster when you let go.”
        Clover does the thing! “AHHH I'M DOING THE THING!” 
        “YEAH!” Chris cheers, intensifying her eyes on the screen, not ready to give up first place!
        Taylor continues to scroll through her Sparkleapp “hey look, they’re talking about that new magical girl.”
        Clover freezes, Princess Peach drives right over a ledge on screen. The ghost who’s sitting on the floor bored perks up, turning her head. She rests her chin on the side of the bed and smiles, looking at the girl in question. 
        “LET ME SEE!” while still holding first place and crossing the finishing line Chris reaches across Clover for her sister's phone. 
Clover’s eyes glance to the ghost.
“They’re talking about us” the ghost sings, and she smoothly floats off the ground and over Chris’s shoulder. Her smile disappears “woah… These pictures are awful.”
“What are they saying about her?” Clover tries to keep her voice as firm as possible.
Clover resists looking at her “what’s team star??”
“The local magical girl team” The two girls and ghost all say at the same time.
“Didn’t you have a magic team back home?” Chris asks, shoving a handful of popcorn in her mouth.
“No we didn’t, I’ve heard of places that had them, but I never thought I’d actually see them in action” Clover tells them, “my town was really small and we never really needed much protection from anything, much less massive kaijus.”
“I can’t picture living in a place with no magical girls” Chris looks at her with big eyes “they’ve always been around.”
“Yeah, and before team Star it was another team”  Taylor ads. 
“What happened to them?” Clover asks.
Taylor shrugs “the new team said they retired, which makes sense. Being a magical girl probably isn’t easy once you start getting older.”
Clover tried picturing in her head having white hair and was forced to arm wrestle a kraken. 
Chris puts Taylors phone in her face “That’s them!”
There’s a group of women all decked in magical girl glitter and big hair. Red, purple, and white smiling, hands on hips with a dead creature behind them. 
Taylor attempts to snatch her phone back but Claire pulls away quickly. 
“This is your first monster season here right?” Claire says intently scrolling through something on the phone.
“Yeah,” Clover says.
Taylor reaches over Clover and takes her phone back from her sister. 
Taylor tosses her phone on the other side of herself “How’ve you been holding up?”
        Clover shrugs “well… the kraken was terrifying…” the images of that night go through her head, and she swears she can still smell the salt water “and that flock of migrating birds were scary, I thought one of them was going to eat me.”
        “Sometimes they grab smaller people and children” Chris puts a hand on her shoulders “you should really stay inside next time.” 
        “And the racoons are… loud.”
        “Yeaaah” Taylor sighs “they won’t go away… no matter what you do.”
        Chris butts in “and they don’t know why they keep getting bigger!” Chris jumps up, holding her arms wide. Even the ghost jumps.
        “Here we go,” Taylor sighs.
        “What?” Clover looks up at the blonde girl.
        “The kaijus, they’re getting bigger!” Chris looks her in the eyes. 
        “BIGGER?!” Clover asks.
        “No they’re not,” Taylor mutters to herself.
        Clover looks at her. Then back at Chris.
        “Years ago!” she starts “animals apparently used to be smaller like you could pick up a raccoon, or a bird could land on your shoulder.”
        “Liiiies” Taylor whispers in Clover's ear loudly “don’t listen to her, she’s crazy.”
        “NO I’M NOT!” she shouts.
        “Yes you are, stop staying up all night watching conspiracy videos.”
        Chris reaches down grabbing her own phone scrolling intently again “I have so many videos on this!” 
        “They’re not real,” Taylor says, picking up her phone again and leisurely scrolling through her sparkleapp.
        “Someones trying to cover it up” Chris defends “and YOU’RE falling for it.”
        Taylor looks at Clover “you don’t believe this do you?”
        Clover looks between the two sisters “um well…” her eyes even catch on the ghost, who shakes her head no. Better not to get involved in this “I think I need to go to the bathroom…”
        Clover gets up from the bed leaving the two bickering.
        “Maybe you should take something other than kaiju studies, Chris, and focus on getting a real job,” Taylor says.
        “Kaiju studies is a real career path!” 
        Clover picks up her pace heading downstairs.  Clover quickly gets up and retreats out of the room and quickly down the stairs. 
“How's everything up there?” 
Clover jumps and sees Taylor and Chris’ mom looking over the back of the couch. 
“It’s good, everything’s good,” she says.
“Do you guys need anything?”
“No we’re good, I just needed to use the bathroom” Clover pulls on the sleeves of her shirt.
“Right down the hall sweetie!” 
“Thank you” Clover quickly makes it out of there. 
In the bathroom she flops against the door and takes a deep breath. Trying to steady her shaking hands. 
“They’re loving this new magical girl!” 
“AH!” Clover opens her eyes, in the mirror across the room is the ghost!
“Are you alright in there?!” Clover hears the girl's mom ask.
“Yes, just a spider!” she calls back.
“Seeing a lot of spiders aren’t you?” the glowing blue apparition smirks. 
“Leave me alone” Clover hisses under her breath.
The ghost rolls her eyes and floats out the mirror, gracefully sitting herself down on the counter “why’d you leave the whip back at your dorm?”
“I was hoping it would leave YOU there with it” she points her finger. 
“”Nope, I'll go where you go” she says.
“Why?!” 
The ghost shrugs “well… you’re the only one that can see me, soooo… here I am.”
“Go find someone else to see you” Clover grits her teeth.
“Nope, you’re it” she smiles brightly “but don’t worry I’m a great roommate! I love gossiping, talking, and watching movies! We’ll have a great time! I’m like a friend that never leaves your side.”
Clover looks around the bathroom.
“Okay… maybe right now I do leave your side, just wanted to catch up with my bestie! I’ll be upstairs with the girls!” She waves and floats through the ceiling.
Clover stares at the ceiling.
The ghost pops her head back out “by the way, just call me Ghost I think that’s simple enough right?” she laughs and peaces out.


Chapter 6 
        Clover pries her tired eyes open, and there's two dark blue ones staring back at her.
        “Good Morning” the ghost smiles brightly, Clover feels her icey breath on her face “how did you sleep?”
        Without responding Clover sits up looking around the room, next to her Chris is curled up. Very awkwardly Clover crawls over her friend to get out of the day bed, and then heads downstairs. The house smells like freshly brewed coffee and bacon. The girl's mom looks away from the stove and smiles.
        “Good Morning” she says brightly.
        Clover responds shyly “good morning.”
        “There’s coffee in the pot if you’d like some, and I’m making eggs!” She sings.
        Clover takes her coffee and sits in the living room with a very tired looking Taylor.
        “Did you sleep well?” Clover asks.
        “Eh,” Taylor shrugs, and they leave it at that.
        After a not so eventful morning with a ghost complaining about how she misses the taste of coffee and listing through her favorite flavors of creamers, while Clover does her best to pretend she’s not there She leaves before the sisters. Chris was still asleep and Taylor had offered her a ride to the school but Clover decided to take the bus, and told her friend she’d meet up with them later. 
No one's ideal day starts off with physics…or dead people. 
The ghost stares ahead at the droning teacher and the girl she was now haunting. “Do you have any idea what he’s talking about?” The brunette makes a point to not look at her, but she sees her hand tick. The ghost gets up closer to her, and shouts into the girl's ear “This is so boring!”
Clover bites the inside of her cheek to keep from yelling back, because of course she knows it’s boring! She doesn't need someone shouting in her ear about it! She looks down at her notebook and writes down what the teacher had written on the board.
“You know you can’t ignore me forever…” The ghost leans her elbows on her desk… sort of. She can’t actually lean on anything but she can float effortlessly “sooner or later you’ll have to accept that, you might as well do it now.”
Nothing, no response from the girl.
“I saw your collection of spicy books in your closet, you wanna talk about those?”
That has Clover turning to look at her with furrowed brows looking more confused. 
Ghost smirks “tell me about them! I think I read a bunch of those when I was alive but I can’t name any of them.”
“CLOVER!” 
Clover looks at the teacher, a few others in the room glanced her way.
“Sorry what?” she asks.
“I haven't received your assignment yet,” he says.
“...Assignment…”
“The essay” the teacher clarifies.
“The essay” she repeats and thinks about how she had planned to do it the other night “I…”
“If you need an extension see me later, my office will be open for a few hours today” and he looks back down at his laptop.
The ghost chuckles “Ooohhh you’re in trouble.”
Clover grips the paper in her hands, and takes a deep breath. ‘Don’t answer her, do not even look at her’  every time she talks to that damn ghost something bad or embarrassing happens. She wasn’t going to look at her again, if she pretended she wasn’t there long enough she’ll just go away, she’ll have to get bored eventually right?
The ghost ranted on and on about the text messages she was reading on a girls phone… across the room “holy shit this is getting intense, apparently Julian is cheating on Gabrielle with someone named Jenny!” 
        ‘Just zone her out’ she repeats over and over in her head. She bawled her rage into a fist.
        “OH MY GOD! JENNYS PREGNANT!”
        It was like having a soap opera playing in her own head while no one else could hear it. She could barely listen to the teacher at all! Finally after the annoying 2 hours Clover stomps out of class.
        The ghost floats with her through the hall “That was a wild ride, when's the next time you have Physics class?! I need to catch up on her texts.”
“If you like her texts so much go follow her around!” she grits out.
“Follow her?!” The ghost gasps, putting a hand on her heart. “I’m not some weirdo stalker, people need privacy, that’d just be rude.”
Clover stops dead in her tracks, and glares up at Ghost.
        A guy from her class walks past lookin… concerned. Clover’s reminded once again no one can see this really annoying girl that's right next to her, and she’s standing in the hall looking at nothing but air! She starts walking again, putting her ear buds in and looking at the ground.
        The ear buds don’t fully block her out, but they help some “Why you walkin so fast?” 
Clover doesn’t know why she’d care, when she could so effortlessly float after her.
        “You know that’s not how to make new friends,” Ghost starts “In fact it’s kind of coming off as mean.”
        Clover purses her lips. Shooting Ghost a dark look from the corner of her eye. She walks in the library.
She finds her normal table where she has been meeting up with Taylor and Chris. She throws her bag in one of the wooden chairs when someone puts a hand on her shoulder, she jumps. 
The hand is warm, and not the ghosts. She looks up at a tall guy with ruffled hair and weirdly nice cheekbones. Oh… he said something.
“What?” Clover asks again, even taking out one of the earbuds.
        “You’re being really loud, your loud stomping, the librarian asked me to tell you to be a bit more respectful of the others here.”
        Her face heats up “right, sorry” she squeaks out.
        He smiles and walks away. Clover takes a deep breath and debates leaving, then she gets a text. She reads it.
        Chris - ‘I FOUND SOMETHING COOL!’
        And absolutely nothing elaborating what it could be.
        Clover - ‘what?’
        While she waits for her friends she sits down and takes her laptop out. Keeping herself from looking around. She wouldn’t be surprised if people were staring at her after all that. She needed to get that essay done and email it to her teacher! 
        “You should have done that sooner, it’s never good to leave things till last second” Ghost says. Sitting in the chair next to her like a living person.
        Clover clenches her fists and bites her tongue before she starts yelling in the library “Please go away,” she says through gritted teeth, bashing at the keys on her laptop.
Ghost frowns “nope” crosses her arms and leans back in the chair next to Clover.
One of the two finds themselves rubbing their eyes and face, holding back screams of frustration. 
Suddenly the chair Ghost is pretending to sit in is pulled back and Chris sits inside the ghost.
“Hey Clover.”
Clover stares at her friend with the also surprised Ghost girl sticking out of her shoulder.
Chris shivers “why’s it so cold in here?”
A sweatshirt gets dropped on her head as Taylor walks past and to the chair on the other side of Clover. 
“Stop leaving that in my car, it smells” Taylor says.
Chris smells the sweater, squinting at it, shrugging and proceeding to put it on. 
Ghost sniffs as well, having a much different reaction to the sweatshirt in question. She floats out of Chris taking her spot in the fourth chair across from Clover. 
“Clover look!” Chris takes a crumpled up yellow paper out of her pocket.
“What?” Chris shoves the paper in her face, Clover reads over the wrinkled paper “a Talent contest?”
“A talent contest! We should enter!”
Clover laughs “nooo”
“Aww why not?” Ghost and Chris both say.
“I don't… do crowds.”
“But we could go up there together and sing!” Chris says.
Clover shakes her head no “NOPE!”
“But-”
“I told you,” Taylor starts, “she wouldn’t want to do it.”
“It’ll be fun,” Chris defends.
“It’s going to be so embarrassing,” Taylor says.
Clover nods “so freaking embarrassing.”
Chris looks between them, then abruptly stands up throwing her messenger bag back around her shoulders “why are you two like this?”
“Like what?” Clover asks.
“You two” She points making Clover flinch “are always ganging up on me, telling me nooo that’s silly, or that doesn’t make sense, I swear I’m the only one here that knows how to have fun, you’re both such sticks in the mud” 
“No, we're just thinking realistically,” Taylor says.
        Chris scowls, then grabs her bag and walks out.
Taylor and her look at eachother, confused.
“Um…” Taylor doesn’t know what to say, she’s never really seen Chris upset like that “I should go make sure she’s okay …I’ll see you later Clover” and she goes after her sister.
“What the hell clover” the ghost starts.
She looks at the ghost with disbelief.
“Why would you upset Chris like that?”
“What?”
“You just laughed at her like that, why would you do that?” 
“I didn’t mean anything by it” She defends herself “I just didn’t want to enter.”
The ghost once again crosses her arms “You didn’t need to make her feel shitty about wanting to enter.”
        “Why the hell are you even talking to me?” Clover spats.
        “Becauuuuse you’re the only one who can see me? The whip chose yoooou? So here I am?” Ghosts sarcastic tone has Clover’s eye twitching. 
        Clover quickly packs away her laptop and practically runs back to the dorms.
        Outside the humidity is still heavy with the end of summer heat. Clover doesn’t bother taking her sweatshirt off. 
        “Back to the dorm already? I thought you needed to finish your essay and go see your teacher” Ghost says.
        Clover doesn’t look at her. 
        “Oh my god! Ignore me or talk to me! PICK ONE!” she groans “you’re so annooooying.”
        “I picked that one! I’ll be annoying.”
        “Annoyings a shitty personality” Ghost mutters “I thought you were going to be cool, you literally fought a kraken but you're so” she balls her fists “UGH!” 
        Clover stomps across the grass, anything to push her faster to the dorm. She needed to do this right now!! She couldn’t stand another second of this Ghost! She needed her gone! 
        “What are you so mad about?” The ghost crosses her arms and they go into the elevator together. 
        Clover thinks for a second that it’s a bad idea to go into the small confined space with a ghost, but also… she didn’t think she’d do anything. She trusted it that much. But nonetheless, she watched the ghost floating there the entire time. She looked more annoyed than anything.
        Finally the elevator dings on the second floor and she moves past the people getting on, the ghost floats through them, leaving shivers and goosebumps wherever she goes. Her dorm is… cleaner than the morning she left it. Not a single sign of glitter…. But it did smell like sewers and seaweed. She slams the door shut, she didn’t think too hard about the other people in the building that might have heard it. She goes right for the drawer that she shoved that whip into.
        “What are you doing with that?” The ghost asks, not liking the sinister smile on Clover's face.
        Clover pulls it out, the mess of shirts coming out with it “You and it, are going to the big racoon that lives behind the school” 
        “Noooo we’re not!” 
        “Yup!”
        “Don't you dare!” 
        “And what are you going to do about it?” Clover smirks, and then walks through the freezing cold spirit.
        “STOP!” The ghost yells, reaching out to Clover right as she touches the door knob.
        There’s a flash of light and Clovers once again in the blue and white spandex suit with glitter falling all around her. 
        The ghost blinks, looking from her hand to the wide eyed look on Clover's face “... I’m going to do that incase you were wondering!” 
        Clover looks down at ehr clothes and the floors, and back up at Ghost. She has a massive white tooth grin on her face, looking down at the now red head girl. 
        “I Still think your outfit looks great.”
        “WHAT DID YOU DO?!”